The young Jamie [inaudible]. Three, two, one, ladies and gentlemen,
my favorite farmer.
You're my favorite farmer and I'm your favorite farmer.
I know that many of them, but you're number one. All right.
I have a feeling that I don't quite farm. The things you would rather use.
What do you mean? Like marijuana is over trying to say.
I wasn't going to say it, but if you're going to bring it up. I love wine too.
You make fucking killer one. Okay. I'm a fan of your wine. Excellent. Thank you.
Go. I have. I've yet to try your food, but I want to,
I didn't even know what an ASTA was until I talked to you. See,
I didn't know or that you use Falcons to kill birds and dad fucking thing you
sent me is dope as fuck. So you have hired. Fuck. You hired a,
a person and a couple that raises Falcons to kill pigeons that are fucking with
your food, starlings, sparrows, anything.
Anything that's messing with the grapes. They have the,
these Falcons come through and,
and the thing is the collector birds in the area will have a memory of that.
So like if you have this Hawk come through the,
the vineyard and they just pulverize in those feathers everywhere,
that the community of birds kind of go, Oh, I don't think we should go this way.
We should go that way. The cage with the feathers everywhere.
And then the pigeons on the other side. I was like, what? Yeah, that's a snack.
I was in Venice recently last week. I'm still jet lagged. I'm completely fucked.
I haven't slept solid in five whole days.
My body does not know what's going on.
I'll go to sleep completely exhausted and I'll wake up two hours later feeling
like shit and I can't go back to sleep. Right. But when I was in Venice, um,
there was a guy with a Falcon, he, he had a Falcon with him and I was like,
why is this kind of a Falcon? And then the fucking pigeons come in like crazy.
And when the guys, they were the Falcon, the, the pigeons just ghost,
they're gone. They take off.
So this guy stands there by the dock and Venice as the gondoliers pull up and a,
he's just got this Falcon just sit in there too so that the people can eat their
food. The pigeons are insanely aggressive.
It's a ridiculous place until they see, they see that Falcon done. Fuck this.
You ever see videos online where um, the Mongols use, uh,
the use Eagles golden Eagles to hunt for wolves?
Come on dude, it's wild. And Eagle, which way is like, what? 15,
20 pounds. They fuck wolves up. They swoop.
These wolves are just running for their life as death swarms down from the sky.
We were going to use the drone to get some footage of the Falcons and we're
like, she's like, yeah, that's probably not a good idea. And like, yeah,
cause the, the plates, he goes, no, no, no. Your drone cause the Falcons,
they'll go full force into your drone and destroy it.
So whatever you paid for it, try Gooding your insurance company and going, Hey,
my drum broke. What did you do? Flute near a Falcon. They're going to go, yeah,
good luck. Well,
Peregrine Falcons don't they go like 200 miles an hour through the fastest on
the planet. Boom. Fuck, fuck. What?
200 miles an hour. Yeah. Destroy your drone.
I mean that doesn't even make sense. What do you got? Oh, this is the Mongol.
So look, these dudes run, the wools are running away.
The wolves know the fucking drill two men.
And this Eagle just comes down and jacks the Wolf and that's how they skin these
wolves. Look at that. Two of them. Boom. Good God. Yeah,
they are death from the sky and these guys raise them and then they wear the
Wolf hat. Yeah, they will. The skin, the firs, everything. But it's just so,
so that's it. What are we talking about? What did you,
whatever you want to talk about fellow here. You got some news. Yeah.
So I figured, I know there's a lot of, uh,
there's probably some tool fans that'll probably tune into this specifically to
hear some news. Yeah.
So rather than being a Dick and waiting to the end to tell them, I probably,
we should probably tell them upfront, are you like softening? And your age? No,
not at all. I just care. I just,
I care about as long as things are taken for us.
Cause we're a very difficult band. We're very stubborn and we're, you know,
we're kind of ignorant to what goes on in the rest of the world.
And so people are like, guys, come on guys. Uh, and you know,
I mean to their credit,
like we did the whole beta max thing didn't work for us and neither did a laser
disc. So we have this new thing called digital media and streaming.
We're going to try it out. You go to extremes. It's a new thing streaming,
so you can just Amazon. Oh, like Spotify, that kind of deal. Yeah. Yeah.
It's just brand new. It's brand new. Yeah. Like on your phone or something.
To us it's brand new. What are you doing with it? A,
we're going to put some songs on it. Oh,
so you can listen when you're not even like plugged in anything. Correct.
So here's what I'm going to do now, because this is,
by the time this actually airs, this will have already happened,
but you're filming me doing it right? You're going to upload a week.
I'm going to do a thing. Then everybody know I'm a, I'm a tweaker.
Do you have it prepared and everything? Not really. So you,
you're doing this because your fans, which are very rabid, you have rabid fans.
The tool fans are particularly enthusiastic. They're pretty,
they're pretty aggressive. They, yeah. Well it's cause you guys are awesome.
Thank you. You fucked up. Made an awesome band. He got some radical fans. Okay.
So, uh, when this, you released this podcast,
the idea was that if you set it on the podcast without letting them know first,
yeah, they deserve to hear first. They've been very patient with us.
Very patient. So this Friday, August 2nd dumped,
dumped on the catalog.
The whole catalog catalog goes up on Napster,
on Napster. I, you remember with Napster? I've heard of it.
It's great that Lars guys really upset about it. Yes,
you should talk to Lars about this. He's got a whole thing.
He's going to try to figure it out, figure out how to undermine them.
Now he's going to stop it in its tracks. Kettle,
it goes up on all digital and stream.
He's doing this thing on his phone right now as we're talking. I'm dreaming.
So up until this time mats,
you never have had anything up and available. No. You're like,
what's his name? Garth Brooks. Yeah. He doesn't have anything up either.
No comment cards, books, doesn't he? He just wants his,
well it's kind of like a good artistic choice.
He doesn't want his stuff to be broken up into songs he wants you to download or
to buy his entire CD cause he feels like there's a correct order for songs.
He says that, that's what he says. Yeah we can. We tried to,
we tried that one before and people feel like, no, no.
We want you to hear a whole album as you know, in sequence and people like,
like you play them live like, Oh yeah, w I,
we'd never played straight start to finish,
but of course I'm not the guy that said no, no. We wanted you to hear. Yeah.
Cause that's, cause that would be an absolute lie. Yeah.
Yeah. Garth Brooks has some weird things of course. Um,
Garth Brooks is being currently harassed and away we go by Thompson girl.
So it's up there. You go up there. It's out there in the ether. It's out there.
So why have you guys not had anything on streaming up until this moment? I yeah,
no I love my brothers. I'm just gonna take the fifth on that one.
Okay. So there was some sort of internal discussion or,
or no discussion or no discussion? Yeah, just the,
the typical tool time of like what it was. There was a meeting.
Hmm. Well again, this is what you get with great artists.
You don't get great artists who are also the best promoters. Correct.
The ones who are the best promoters, usually they're not the best artist.
Here's what, here's also what we're going to do today. You're doing nothing.
Is this like one of them late night things where you selling knives?
Oh you got an extra? Yeah. Do you want a knife?
Cause I tell them you can also have some old stock in beta and samurai swords
and shit. Yeah. Uh, no. I'm going to announce the name of the new album
like that. Yeah. You're doing it on your phone. First fear of a black planet.
And if you're of a black planet sound fear cue,
um,
your white guys spinning on an album called black plant would fucking really go
over well and yeah,
that would be the least woke thing you could do in 2000 what you're on.
You would buy the first copy. A fear inoculum is the name of the album.
Dear inoculum, what'd you say? We buy the first album.
I'm not gonna say that again. I didn't hear what you said.
I might've said cowboy Cerrone. Cowboy Serone. Yeah. Why would you say that?
I dunno cause he swears that cowboy hat and I just assumed that he's got a lot
of black friends. That's it. You're out of line.
I'm totally a trains with all these black guys and now he's going to be mad at
me. Now I've got to apologize to choking. You probably want to hear this.
It's probably too busy jumping a jet ski over a bridge. Just jealous of his hat.
So August 30 and in them hats, you've got some money.
You gotta have it of your own. I guess I do. It's like Sinatra hat.
It's a, if you weren't so cool,
that'd be a douche bag hat that's in breaking bad shit right there. I like it.
I like that. I like it on you. I like it on you. It looks good on you. It does.
There's, there's things that people like you could pull off one of those, uh,
buckskin pioneer jackets with the fray. You could pull it, you know,
they'll have the, what is that stuff called?
The tassels that hang down from the size of the jacket and away we go and away
we go. Yeah, you put it on Instagram as well. We have just, I just put it down.
Instagram matters. We'll get it on Twitter in a minute.
Cause I did more important things. Now people will shut the fuck up.
They'll leave you alone. I liked that little setup too,
that you got there with the laptop. Slash. iPad.
I didn't know that they made that kind of a case that doubles as a keyboard.
Right? Yeah. Look at you. All right. Farmers with technology,
right. Bait people PPP. So how's the wine business?
It's good. We're a little late this year. Um, things are about two weeks behind.
So I wanted to ask you this because this is something that like a lot of people
that are dealing with in the Arizona area that you guys had a lot of rain,
right? Yeah. Yeah.
So I know like hunters and people that are like into the wildlife and everything
like that are really excited about this fall because there's so much moisture.
It's likely the animal populations would be very healthy. Yes. And I mean it's,
you know, with anything there's,
there's always going to be both sides of that with,
with extra rain in the spring comes extra foliage,
extra ground, cover, extra grass. Right. And they fuck with the root systems.
No. Then it uh,
then there's extra fires cause then when the rain dries up you have all this
extra fuel. Yeah. So fires. There's probably good.
A lot of that can be a pretty intense fire season.
I've been evacuated three times. Yeah,
I've got evacuated in October who came real close,
burnt three houses right in front of us.
We were in the epicenter of that Woosley fire. Oh God. Yeah.
It was pretty crazy. It's white, but you know, it sucks and it's terrible,
but if you live through it,
the thing that it lets you know is you're not your shit. You're not your stuff.
Oh yeah, absolutely. When we left, you know,
we had to wake our kids up at two o'clock in the morning and I said to my wife,
I'm like, you know, we're fine. We got, he said,
I'm just grabbing my laptop and some fucking underwear. You know,
you go to the store and buy new pants. I'm like, if you lose all your stuff,
you're alive. The only thing I know, I make sure I know where it's at, is the,
is the photo album of photos that I haven't scanned or whatever on my cloud or
whatever.
I've got the photo album in the dogs and then remember to grab the family. Yeah.
Remember that. That's important. But yeah, it's like, Oh, natural.
There's something crazy,
but that's one of the things that I really do miss about living on the East
coast with horrible winters is that there's something comforting in the brutal
force of nature that just forces you to recognize that you are helpless.
You're helpless to the blizzard. Yeah. Michigan. I remembered,
you know the drifts on the side of the road. Fuck five feet, 10 feet. Yeah.
It's crazy. You still make it. You still make your way to the school.
You get there, you get there, but it's something about PR.
People are so fucking cool when it, when it's really snowy,
like everybody is more humble. They're like, Holy shit.
It's like it puts you in your place.
Yeah. That's good. Yes. We,
we talked a while ago, we were just talking about this,
this idea of this a sit down.
I remember I kind of talked about that a little bit,
trying to figure out how to like, how to do this. And of course I'm so busy,
everything that, uh, with what I got going on,
I would never be able to pull this off. I've never been like, Hey,
I'm going to be the executive producer on this idea that I had. Right. Um,
so I thought this might be a good forum to go,
Hey you and I tee ball it up to go somebody around with this. Cause I think it,
I think it's something that needs to happen and we can take Bob five minutes to
riff on what it shouldn't be. Okay. Right.
Cause I think that's really the, that's kinda what, uh,
when it comes down to just trying to make sure that we're not,
it just doesn't turn into some other clickbait reality TV show. Right.
Cause that's not really the point of it. So what do you thinking? Okay.
Well you and I were discussing,
there's like all this stuff going on in the world.
Everybody's divided and freaking out and, and, uh, going down the,
the dopamine rabbit hole of, uh, of, you know, clickbait.
And we can talk about that. I feel like the polarization of everybody,
everybody has a position. They're taken up the stance and this cause. Um,
and I get that and to feel connected, to feel like you're part of a movement to,
uh, for injustice or whatever. I completely get that you need to do that.
But I think that some point when you start fighting with your neighbor,
you start to kind of lose connection. And I think these things, man,
these are just, they're a poison, uh,
in terms of dividing people and, and forgetting to have these conversations,
uh, openly. So the concept, we're like, we're gonna lay it out.
The idea is that we find six different people from completely different
backgrounds that have a very strong feeling about something that they feel
strongly about. Just something, whatever it is. Um, and we get them on camera
or in writing,
whatever they state that they state their position and the ideas that get these
people together with each other and not fight,
not talk about what they don't agree on,
find the things they agree on and just build on the things that they can agree
on. And then at the end of it we go back and make sure we interview them.
And the the N the way that they went into the thing,
whatever their statement was about who they are doesn't change. They,
they believe what they believe.
But in that without compromising the core of who they are,
they end up finding in somebody else an agree to disagree position where they
can actually talk to each other and find out what they do. Like
no, I felt like one on one in person with no one around.
People are much more likely to have those things.
The real problem is when it's being projected to the world and you're looking
for likes and you're looking for people to agree, you're looking for support.
And that's one of the really toxic things about the phones.
And social media is that everybody's playing for likes and the virtue signaling
and the throwing up the, the flag of, of, of righteousness.
It's so common.
And I, I was talking to a friend of mine,
she's a working with a young woman doing a,
a research paper on the very thing and she'd kind of hand me some,
some research, uh, that kind of, I kind of suspected and I was like,
what about this, this and this? And kinda not,
not off topic, but kind of on topic. Uh,
the purpose when Oxycontin first came out was that they'd discovered in that
drug something that interrupted and helped fix people who are,
you know, meth, heroin addicts.
It was helping them get sober and getting off the heroin because it replaced
that feeling that they were getting the dopamine wound,
like feeling that escapist thing, uh,
that they were getting from heroin. So they would get, you know,
use the oxycodone rom is that unless you cut your hands off,
you can't, you're gonna tick. Another one is some basic addition.
She just replaced the heroin with another thing that's like the dopamine dump.
Um, and this is,
they're now finding that that whole process of likes and uh,
uh, you know, validating or not validating, you know,
then you get depressed cause nobody likes your post and you're constantly was
that gonna rat, you know, basically the analogy of the,
of the rat in the aquarium that's keeps hitting the cocaine button. Yeah.
It's the same thing. It effects the same part of your brain. Um,
and they're finding there's that absolute connections.
So if you can't go 10 minutes without looking at your phone,
you are an addict.
You have to understand that the actual chemical reaction in your body to the,
to the charge you get on that.
And the fact that it's fed by adjusted titles,
whatever the headline is, if that's not getting it,
they adjust the headline to see if it gets you now and then you click on it, go,
that's the one. And then they adjust that one and it's the,
it's the rat hitting the cocaine button.
Well,
I'm glad you used that analogy because one of the things they found out about
that, because some biologists didn't like the, they didn't,
didn't jive with them, the rats with the cocaine.
So then they thought about the environment that the rats lived in and they said,
well let's look at this environment cause these rats are in a cage.
This is a very unnatural environment. There's lights on,
there's people staring at them.
So instead they put rats in a very rat like environment Woody and grass and
trees and into a natural rat world. Guess what? Rats didn't fuck with the cook.
They left it alone, right? They only hit the Coke one.
They were just destroyed.
Like their life was top turned upside down and they're living in this completely
unnatural environment. They're living in prison. So when you're in prison,
you'll do the Coke. But when they were in a very natural world,
they didn't find it attractive at all. Okay. So on that note,
I would suggest I've just,
the people we'll help now have read those things that I put up about the new
album and everything. So I'm going to request,
I'm going to bag people who have seen it now.
I'm not sure where this is going live at this going, you know,
tonight it's going to go up tomorrow. Okay, great.
I'm going to beg as a favor to you and to me, uh,
for people who read that news and are excited about that news to do us all a
favor. Turn your fucking phone off, turn your computer off,
turn your TV off. Go for a long walk.
Just go for a long walk somewhere. Even if it's in the mall or whatever,
just go somewhere else. Go out,
go talk to a stranger
and just find out something about them, no matter what it is.
Just go talk to somebody. Just get,
go out of your house and go have a conversation with somebody. Will stab. Yeah,
probably. Um, please still,
unless they have a knife and do not talk to them because they have a knife, uh,
that did, that. Does that cover the lawyers?
If I see that stuff you don't want to, you're not approaching violence.
Unstable people don't do anything dangerous. Yeah. Don't do anything dangerous.
But just go out, just, just go out for a walk. You have a family,
you have young ones. Do you, uh, how do you approach that with the kids?
Well, you can see,
you can see the fight and the fury and the N crazy,
the crazy meltdowns that we have with our five-year-old.
When we're saying it's time to come to dinner,
put your iPad down and it's an absolute fucking meltdown and it's insane.
And when we actually get it away from her and we take her,
may go and we have to explain, honey, this thing is not your family.
Where is your family? This thing doesn't care about you.
The stuff on the other end of this thing doesn't care about you.
We care about you. She playing games.
Let's go get the ducks and we'll go get the ducks.
And then within five minutes she's forgotten about the iPad cause she's playing
with ducks. She's playing with docs, right? We're in the, you know,
we're in the aviary with the finches and we're around checking the wine,
we're checking the ferments or she comes down while we're trying to record
music. And she's like sitting in the bed listening to what we're doing.
[inaudible] she's involved in doing things and she forgets about this and you
can forget about this. I'm telling you, you can do it. Yes you can do it.
I use it for, you know, I use it for business but I try,
I got caught up for a while there. I would like find a video game on my phone.
I am going to play this video game four.
I know I've like spent like 500 bucks and then the in app and shit
and like wait a minute,
I'm doing the exact same things that I did when I first started the game.
It's no different. I just need better armor. Those get them by the armor,
those in that purchases of the devil. Yeah. So I delete, I delete those things.
Just get caught up in it. You can't, it's, it's something you don't,
people don't realize how,
you've probably heard it with a bunch of people in here saying the same thing.
Like it's, it's rewiring the way that we think and the way we behave.
Yes. And the only way to on on do that,
to get away from it is to literally turn it off around Plaag if you walk away,
go do something. Well, I know so many people that have switched to S uh,
flip phones,
a bunch of them [inaudible] like the drug dealers know Joe comics mostly they,
they have a flip phone to make calls. So someone's still drug dealers
and then they, they keep like a computer for the other stuff or an iPad.
Like already my friend Ari, he, he, he'll, you can call him on his flip phone,
he'll talk to you, but if you text him,
you're making him do that fucking thumb thing that we used to have to do.
We host you four times to get an ass being a part of a bit. Yeah.
You're a nightmare. And so he doesn't have any apps.
There's none of that.
But he'll do like Instagram and Twitter and shit on his iPad. Okay. Yeah.
That makes sense. Yeah. That's the only way he does it. Yeah, that makes sense.
It does make sense. It's like for him too. He's,
he just recognizes that he can't heal. If he starts getting on it, he'll,
he'll be honest for for seven, eight hours. Then it'll be furious at himself.
Like, what the fuck have I done? I've done the same thing. I'm,
even though I've got three bands and three wineries and a restaurant and all
this things, I still waste.
I end up wasting time on these things and I could get,
I could get more done if I didn't have these things in my way.
Do you read comments? I try not to. Yeah. Well, just because people are just,
you know, they're just there.
They need to have a voice and they need to be identified.
And the just there a lot of mean spirited things out there and that's,
I feel like the world we're living in right now,
there's so much back and forth and there's so much posturing and there's so much
disconnected, disconnected, disconnected behavior that you,
we really just need people to reconnect with their loved ones,
especially in your community because as things are progressing in the world,
the population and climate change, which I believe are,
there's some stuff coming, you need to connect with people.
You really need to figure things. You think the shit's gonna hit the fan. Yeah,
I do. Woo. Yeah. When, how much time?
We have wished we got one that thought you had some connections with the
[inaudible] North. Okay. I'm going to go to some wooded area. All right. We'll,
you'll be fine. I think the move is going to happen right now. I think. I think,
you know,
based on some of the things that I've kind of seen online and you know,
the chitchat and hearing, overhearing conversations with, uh,
with people that are, you know, part of NASA and those kinds of things.
And they kind of go, we got 400 years in the planet's done. Whoa.
400 years. Yeah. So if you think in turn, you know, for me, I'm, I'm a,
I plan, right planner. Uh, that means that if it's,
if it's, you know, if we're not here in 400 years, well, when's the,
when does that start? Well, that started yesterday. Really. I mean,
when you think about it, there's natural resources and one, you know,
it's all this things that start to kind of fall apart and then weird diseases
started showing up and weird fungus. Is that take you out? That didn't before.
Well,
another thing to think is we have only been human for quarter million,
350,000 years. Whatever it is, there's going to be something next. Yeah.
You know, whatever it is, it's coming, right?
It's going to be something that can survive this.
So if this stuff can figure out how to cool itself,
it'll become self's freelancer. It may be star child,
a huge age. I met ACE really when I was seven years old.
He's completely stable. Uh, yeah, I for sure. He's a lot like you.
Who thinks the world's going to end in 400 years? I'm such an idiot.
Why did I say that out loud? I'm going to be here at the end of the bad thing.
I don't think the world's gonna end,
but I think it's very likely the human beings will be drastically diminished.
Absolutely. And I feel like that's the, I guess I should back up.
That's my point.
The thing that we just are so arrogant about is that we're somehow included in
the future. We're just not included or not included. We've only been here for,
again, 300 whatever thousand years. Right. That's not that long. Yeah. You know,
I mean, even the Andrew talls half a million years before us. Right.
So going back to now though,
and us getting along now and surviving better over the next little bit,
going back to our, like the people talking to each other, how do we, you know,
how do we tee this up?
Somebody can take it and not ruin it with a reality TV show. Cause they,
you know, that every reality TV show you see it's been manipulated. You know,
they'll, they'll,
they'll poke the person that they know is going to blow up at some point.
So that causes drama. And again, the dopamine dump, everybody say, Oh my God,
yeah, they're basically doing clickbait in terms of how they're programming the
telegraphy. So how do we, how do we make this so that it's not a,
an opportunity to make a Bach and to do that,
like the genuine healing moment.
It can be done.
I think it's gotta be done online and it's gotta be done with no one involved
other than you and whoever you want to be involved.
No advertising doing that. I mean, that doesn't even have to be you, right?
But whoever the person is, right, that, that facilitates this. Right.
But you just can't have any producers.
You can't have anybody with a vested interest in success. Okay.
It has to be done just purely for the idea,
purely for the exercise of getting people to communicate that have disagreements
and realizing that so much of what we know,
people dig their heels in the sand and they want to be right more
than they want to be. You know,
more than they want to get along and be harmonious with you.
Right. There's a there. Yeah. And I feel like that's, yeah. Look, I acknowledge,
uh, that there's monsters in the world. There's fucking monsters. They're in,
they're in, they're in us. We have our own monsters inside of us.
There's the other monsters that have been nurtured over years to,
to hate each other or hate somebody else, whatever. There's that nurturing,
you know, nature versus nurture monster. I get that.
I'm talking about the people that you can figure out a way to like, let's just,
let's figure this out. Most of us, yes,
most of us can figure out a way to get along. Most of us
go South to most of us in the wrong environment with the wrong people in the
wrong feelings, in the wrong drugs, in the wrong jobs, in the wrong community.
We could be horrific neighbors or getting the Coke button. Yeah.
Or we could be a part of a community.
And I just think that we're not designed for this iPhone fucking world.
We're not designed for it. And this getting likes and you know,
and arguing politics on Twitter for 16 hours a day.
There's a few people that I follow on Twitter that I only follow them to see
how, how toxic social media is to their life.
I go and I look at their feed and I mean, I know what they're doing.
They're just fighting with people all the time. But I'll look at it, I'm like,
Jesus Christ,
this guy started at seven 30 in the morning and at nine 30 at nine he's still
going and he's posting every 14 minutes and he's probably reading in between
that. So his entire day is comprised of debating, you know,
a
OCS value in merits versus Trump and versus this and that.
And whether or not Elizabeth Warren's native American and it's like, Oh, chaos.
Just chaos. Trump Trump is a, um, he was,
he's got his name on buildings and [inaudible].
Oh, Whoa. He's the, he's the politician. He's not a politician.
He's drinking the swamp. Do you know what, that's not a big fan of politicians.
Me neither. Yeah. He's an anti politician though. He might like him. Oh, okay.
But is he in politics? Always the president of United States. Yeah.
I don't like politicians. Yeah. So is anybody good at that? Who,
if you, if you had a magic wand, you can make someone president,
who would you make it? Oh, man. Um,
I wouldn't wish that. I wouldn't wish that anybody, yeah. Guthrie,
uh, not bill Hicks, Ken Keasy. And although he would,
cause that would probably change him. Um, do you think it would? Yeah,
I think it changed. Again, it's like, it's a reality TV show.
It's gonna change you when the cameras are aimed at you. When you,
when you replace recognition with attention, it fucks you up. [inaudible],
especially like at a young age or young, you know, like the boy,
you know the Guinean boy band, like child actors.
Do you know anybody that child actor? Uh, I, yeah,
I know people that are exposed to that world early on and it's a,
it's a dreadful mess. It's a dreadful mess.
What they have to go through cause they don't understand that attention isn't
that recognition. Uh, and there's
development where there's developing new people that have actually made,
made it out of that. I don't think anybody has Leonardo DiCaprio.
I feel like he's still an artist. Right. He's like, he actually, he actually,
he, he holds his own as an artist. Yes.
I don't know what he's like behind the scenes.
[inaudible] like fucking shredding casts with his teeth cause he's out of his
mind come out by now. Okay. Divorce thing. He does,
he seems to like to fuck young pretty girls. Hmm. She's weird. Yeah. Uh,
I just, I feel like,
I feel like that that poison of the attention is,
is kinda like that. It's like that dopamine done yet.
It's the same thing if the likes the light buttons. Well,
it's one of the things that I really admire about your choices that you decided
to get the fuck out of the, the epicenter. Yeah.
And like this is just too much gravity. Yeah. There's too much, just too much.
Um, so I don't know, just that's, and also like the,
the decision to start a winery and to like what you've done is kind of gone to
the earth. I mean, I mean it sounds corny, but really what you've done is that,
I mean, obviously you have a very sophisticated farm system and your, you know,
you have acres and acres of vineyards,
but what you're doing is the earth. You're growing, you're,
you're part of nature.
And I think that grounding in nature in that way that you're doing it is a
perfect antidote for like this rock star life, which is all, but I mean,
you know, that's, that's a byproduct. Uh, I think for me.
But as far as the community, I'm finding that that core of,
of the greenhouses and um, you know, growing, growing vines,
it's actually kind of feeds into what we're talking about as far as the
conversation. Cause I talked to, I talked to bat shit,
Portlandia types. I TERT you know, I talked to crystal clutches,
I talked to staunch Republicans that, you know,
look at me like I'm going to start trouble no matter what you know,
but I can actually talk to everybody because we're,
we're growing things and we're building a small, we're building our communities.
So as far as politicians are concerned, the ones higher up,
they got there by being really good con men in liars.
I feel like in general, that's what we see. But down, you know, at this level,
at the local level,
you're just trying to figure out simple problems that you're trying to solve
within your state, within your County, within your town. Those politicians are,
you know, you've got to work with them, but they're less crazy. They're less,
um, owned as more.
So you can actually have conversations with all these people,
especially if you have a grounding in terms of literally the ground,
you literally the ground, I mean your, this. I just think there's something,
it's, it's,
it's a part of the whole human experience of growing things. Yeah,
I agree. Yeah. I mean I think what you've done is pretty bad ass.
It's the ultimate smart move, you know, in terms of like dealing with the,
especially like the rock star world is so strange cause it's so image-based with
so many, you know,
I mean there's a bunch that don't even want to talk or have had rock stars that
wanted to come on here,
but they wanted to only do it at night and they only wanted to have it with no
video. They didn't wanted it to be audio only. And I'm like [inaudible]
would I want stick? I just didn't want it to be me.
It was like they were cultivating a thing. It has to be dark in the room.
I want candles. Like okay I'm out. We're out, we're gone. This is not, yeah,
that's not, but you know, I remember that they probably,
they were probably messed up the reason there. Yeah.
The reason they're doing what they're doing is because something happened to
them earlier on and whether it's like, you know, an aggressive, you know,
teacher, uncle, somebody that just kind of, you know, uh, dad was drunk,
you know, there's the stuff that pushes them in that direction, uh, to be,
you know, X tress of controlling and, you know,
wanting to be acknowledged and do it exactly my way because I was powerless as a
child. Yeah, for sure Ryan.
And then that's the thing you think you see with actors too,
and they finally get some success. The,
the whole process of auditioning for things is so brutal because you just,
do you like me? Do you like me? I want you to like me.
Do I get the part at target?
And then you go through this for years and then finally you do get it.
And then finally you're the fucking man. Like, Oh look, it's Mike.
Mike is the star. Hello Mike. Mike, look, look, we've got your,
your bagels ready, Mike and you trailers ready.
And then Mike is get me a fucking coffee. Like, Oh, Mike, anything for you.
And the people act in this rude, disproportionate, very insane way.
And then as they get more and more famous, they,
they feel like they're entitled to this treatment. Yes. She gets real strange,
you know, and that I've, and I feel like that's, I've seen it in our world, uh,
between bands. You know, my bands tool, Pulitzer for a perfect school,
all of them you get to, you get to spots where you, you feel entitled,
you're arrogant, you are greedy. Like all those things,
all those things are in all of us.
And you have to check yourself when they come up. Yeah. Or not.
And you end up being like the bands that you, you are talking about. Yeah.
It has to be. This wound won't do it. That's kinda dumb. But well,
bands are odd too, right?
Because you're managing personalities. You're not just,
it's not just like one person with a creative vision and they put it down.
You have all these other people.
And their ideas and you gotta work it out together and there's all sorts of
weird shit going on. Right. Sorry. What'd you do? He shut it off.
Checking my likes. Um, no,
I was just making sure cause I posted that and do you know what?
I just want to make sure Dino knew that we posted it cause then he can talk to
release the hounds release downs. Yeah. Um,
a lot of weight lifted off my chest. Like just is it? Yeah. Yeah. It took,
that's a lot of work are we are,
the four of us are a lot of fucking work and just to get it,
just to get anywhere, um, just to get an agreement where you're okay.
We're all agreeing. Yeah. We're gonna release it. Yeah.
Everything's a fucking committee meeting and it always gets shut down.
What's the hurdle? Uh, well, uh, success.
And when you get successful you think you're right about everything and you're
pretty sure as that individual, you know,
I am right and you are wrong because I am successful and we're successful
because of me, not because of you. And so you, it's not that bad with us,
but I'm just, it's like those, that's the dynamic. There's a dynamic of like,
you know, I want this and I've,
I've always gotten my way and that's why we're successful is because I don't
compromise on this or that. And it's like, I, you know, I'm, I'm the same way.
Do you find that as a parent you sort of have more empathy for like fucked up
behavior and thinking? Cause you kind of understand like, Oh you,
you got bad data as a a developing unit. Yeah.
You were fed the wrong food or the wrong information rather, you know,
I think mental food will be, I think we discussed this before,
like I think there's a 50 50 on that. Like you can,
you can only guide your kids so much.
They're going to be what they're going to be,
they're going to grow up the way they want to grow up.
But you can try to do is go like, okay,
let's just teach you about stoves before you actually have to learn about stoves
the wrong way, you know, like the house on fire. Yeah.
So you can kind of do some of that stove work early,
but eventually they're going to have to do some of that stove work on their own.
But a instructor in our high school, which is funny cause I,
you know, we are, he's extreme Republican. I'm, you know, the liberal kid.
But um, he used to share a lot of really, you know, nuggets, right? Uh,
wisdom. Uh, and he would always have a say. You know,
what is an intelligent person? A person who learns from experience,
who experience other people's experience, right.
Not just your own learn from you on experiences,
but also pay attention that you don't really need to play Russian roulette to
find out. It ends wrong. Don't get close to the bison at Yellowstone.
Don't try to get a selfie with the BICE. See the video? No.
Was it [inaudible] year old kid? The whole fucking family.
They apparently got within five yards of this fucking bison. Know that, Oh,
come on.
And then the bison charge and the nine year old kid went flying through the air.
The thing about the nine year old kid landing though it seems like she landed on
her feet, so I'm hoping she was okay. I haven't read anything to the contrary,
so in my mind she brushed it off and she's like, Whoa,
can't believe I flipped like that. Well, I mean it's like, you know,
if she survived, maybe a broken bone would be a good reminder. Yeah.
Sprained ankle. I want the kid to have a sprained ankle, but I just,
I don't even want the kid.
I want the fucking parent to get one of those weird diseases like when a twin
falls down. You heard disease? No. Okay. It's like
the moms. Got it. Here it is.
We'll watch your show you this bison just to leave the newscaster. Boom.
See how she lands on her feet though? I'm pretty, I'm pretty sure she's okay.
I watch this. Whoop bang. I think she's all right. I think she's all right.
The thing is, did it trample her after these fucking assholes?
This is the problem with zoos people and this city life that we live where
people do not know what the fuck a wild animal really is. Yeah.
You're not supposed to go anywhere near those things.
We're gonna find out they have instincts to stop predation and their instinct is
to charge head force with this fucking 250
do it with a red shirt on too. Like, didn't you watch asshole?
You should have juked him.
She stepped in for the little kid you piece of shit got over here.
You fuck? I mean,
it's a 2000 pound gigantic animal that has to fight off wolves and mountain
lions and bears and yeah, you're going to have your kid five yards away from it.
Right.
I, I, you know, we've had a lot of friends, the musician friends that go, yeah,
I want to come out, man, I want to work harvest. You really don't know.
You don't want to work. You really don't want to do this. I mean, I want you to,
and I can make it a pleasant experience for you. I absolutely can.
I can make it go fairly seamless.
But you're going to learn some things that you didn't know about yourself. Fact,
well, you have to work hours. Yeah. Real. Yeah.
That's why we can't go to dinner tonight. We've got apples waiting. I got,
I have some Chardonnay already fermenting. You have an apples.
I am going to make cider in the morning. That's what we're, so what do you,
do you pick the apples now? Yeah, I have it on in the morning about 40 trees.
My dad and Randy, uh, she's kind of in charge of the orchards and venue, uh,
greenhouses. You saw the, you saw some of the greenhouse footage,
GI Randy's doing that. Uh, so my dad and her, uh,
picked probably about a half a ton, maybe a ton of apples already off our trees.
So I get back, uh, you know, tonight I fly back tonight and then, um,
in the morning, uh, we're shredding,
shredding apples into a bin like Apple sauce and going to inoculate it and uh,
inoculated with what uh, I have,
I already have some Chardonnay that's fermenting so I'll take like a gallon of,
of the Chardonnay and just put it in with the,
with the Apple so that it will just start different bacteria from the shards
name the yeast. The yeast is already fermenting it. Wow. That's badass.
So I'll use [inaudible] with something that's already, it's a wild, jeez,
that's already fermenting. And so putting them with those,
let it let it the finish up. And do you do this at a stable temperature?
Like does it have to be, we'd know we normally keep the cider.
We've been kind of keeping it like, you know,
70 68 and in a cool room. Not out in the sun.
Hot and not back in the cold, cold, cold room kind of, you know,
60 between 65 and 72. How much cider will you make with all that?
How much did you say out did? Half a ton. We did Logan.
There's models and there's more, there's more apples coming, so we'll have,
we'll probably end up with out about eight barrels worth of cider there.
And that's about good Lord 200 cases number,
still about 300 cans and they got 300 300 flats of cans.
So yeah.
So it's fairly limited production in terms of like commercially Oh yeah,
I wouldn't, it's not going to be commercial. It just be in our tasting rooms.
Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Wow.
And so how long is the process? How long does it have to ferment? Once we're,
once they're picked, we can actually,
the cool thing about apples is they kind of keep kind of just kind of stack them
up in the, in the,
in the walk in cooler on site and then we gather them all up when there's a
critical mass, bring them in, shred them so that Dan will shred them.
Probably about a week and a half later, the fermentation's done.
The hard part is separating the, the Apple sauce from the juice.
That's, that's hard part. So a lot of people get them super ripe and they,
they crush and press them.
So they just get the juice right off the most and they ferment just the juice.
Other people will shred them.
So there's just like Apple sauce and then they'll try to press that through a
very specific press that kind of gets the juice away from the,
what's the benefit of the former versus the latter? I do the third one, I,
I make it, I shred it. So there's Apple sauce and a mess.
You're fermenting on the app? On the mosque? On the Apple sauce. Hmm.
And then I press as a starts to separate. I'm starting to pull the juice out.
Uh, wants this fermented. No.
Have you done this because you tried the other methods and you like the flavor
of this one better? Uh, so how many times you've guessed a guess?
I've done this. 40. Right.
That's because I'm a liar and I'm good at it. Um, no,
I've done it once. Uh,
and it turned out so because I want to make sure that that wasn't an accident.
I'm going to do it exactly like I did it last time to see if it turns out the
same. And when you did it,
did you do it based on someone's recommendation or did you have I did it based
on my, uh, my experiences with fermenting grapes on skills.
I just kind of looked at that process and went, okay, I see I'm,
we're going to get some stuff. And our, and our cider is extremely dry.
It's not a, it's not a sweet cider.
Your normally would think of like slightly sweet cider. This is like a acidic,
a dry cider. Very refreshing.
And is this a side of it's available at your restaurant? Yeah,
the Austria down in Scottsdale at the convenience location in Scottsdale and at
the QDC of settlers tasting and the Pulitzer for store in the forehead.
If someone, where would, where would I go?
Where would I go if I wanted to try your food and drink your wine?
Like what's the spot? Um, would you recommend? Well,
the easiest one to take a trip. If you want to take a long trip,
you want to go up to up to Jerome and a Cottonwood area to go to those
locations.
There are three locations of different things happening in each one of those,
but if you just kind of in Phoenix area,
we have a location over in Scottsdale in old town Scottsdale.
So I'm definitely in feeling, what am I on Phoenix?
I've got about two nights in Phoenix at the coal America theater.
There you go. So there you going to hit soon. You're gonna hit pizzeria Bianco.
You have to hit there. You got to get Southern rail. A Beckett's table.
Oh yeah. I thought that was like soon. Beckett's table Southern rail,
uh, tar bells, a FNB, which is in Scottsdale. Um,
Scott still has a reputation for cocaine and parties. Yeah,
but it's also got great food. Yes. It's a very interesting place.
It's got a lot of people just have escaped some of the problems in other cities
and gone to Scottsdale. That is a fact. Yes, it's a weird place.
I've always found it. We had a, we had,
we had some decent success up in the Valley.
Like what the vibe that we got with the farms, you know,
farm to table and not just any farm, our farms to your table,
a vibe and the, you know, our vines to your glass a scenario.
But its funny down in Scottsdale like okay this is going to go,
we did it and we're like we're going to do more makeup.
I'm going to need implants. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah.
It's a weird party town in that way. Yeah.
It's like a lot of really pretty women but the specific kind of pretty like porn
star pretty. The dudes are super pretty too. They're pretty too. Yeah.
Handsome spike terr yeah. Oh yeah. They got the tan jacket and damn. Oh yeah.
You guys tanning bed checking motorcycles. No helmet and on the edge.
Yes. I mean if you're going to be in Scottsdale,
it's a great location but there's so many, so many great uh,
chefs and restaurants in that area. There really are.
And downtown and if you're going to be a Comerica, you're,
you're right by Bianco's. You've got a good Bianco's. What does that,
is that an Italian joint pizzeria Bianco, Chris Bianco. Um,
he's got two locations, town and country, and these got one downtown,
but he also has his other place. Oh my God.
I'm going to forget the name right now. That's so dumb. I'm so,
I'm going to get so much shit for this, uh,
his other place and right next to the other place, right next to, uh,
Bianco is at town and country. Oh my God. I'm having a brain fart. It's great.
A handmade pastas and the dishes are amazing. Yeah.
I'll check in with you in December. Do you remember it? I remember it by then.
Gotta get off. This CBD oil man is, man, it's rotting your brain, man.
You can't be too relaxed, right? Yeah,
that's CBD fucking, it saves vacations for me.
I don't stress out like it's, it's, it's, it's,
I think it's one of the best things I've ever tried for anxiety. It's,
it's weird and I didn't even know I had anxiety until I started taking CBD.
I take these little jammies. These are, this is a, this will fuck you up though.
This is one in one. This is one part. CBD. Put this one. Yeah.
This is not, put this in your book and put it in your butt,
but you will get no nervous. You're going to get paranoid. But that's a,
it's a weird like the CBD THC high is a different high because CBD does
something to alleviate anxiety and sort of just makes you comfortable with your
own demise.
Lets you do the existential angst is flames don't seem so hot you like,
yeah, we're all going to die. Yeah. But right now we're not dead. Cool.
Look at the colors, feel it, feel the feel the warm, the sun. But this,
uh, this is not like fun. This is not functional. Like you don't want to,
I don't do this if I have anything super important to do, but, but just CBD oil,
I just find it puts you in a great place. Okay. But I'm terminal,
not topical. Internal. Yeah. Topicals really good for muscle aches. Okay.
It's really good.
Really the probably the best thing I've ever found for like alleviating soreness
and stiffness and stuff like that.
Cause I found I was in Europe all of a sudden discovered that they actually had
ibuprofen like cream to put on ibuprofen is terrible for you.
Right. Really, really bad.
And what I found out was that if you let your pets Likud they get liver failure
and die. So don't, did you accidentally do that? I had,
I had a person who works at the humane society. I mentioned, you know,
mentioned that I found this stuff like I just in desperation in Europe,
like you had some sore muscles and uh, she's like,
don't let your pets lick that. Cause they were trying to have,
trying to figure out what these kittens were dying. Oh God.
My friend Cameron Hanes is a runner and he runs marathons and he runs ultra
marathons. He runs these 240 mile Moab,
fucking ridiculous runs that last three days.
And he was having like all this joint pain. So he's taken ibuprofen every,
Dave ain't taking 800 milligrams, not just once, but sometimes twice a day.
And he was just constant aches and pains.
So dr Rhonda Patrick had been on the podcast,
she was talking about the dangers of ibuprofen and about what it does to your
gut biome and how much it fucks you up and actually creates inflammation and it
actually can cause stress or it can cause a strokes rather,
and all sorts of horrible, horrible things. So I call him up and I said,
Hey man, that stuff's fine to take every now and then for a headache,
but you can't take that shit every day. You just can't do it and you're,
you're fucking your body up. Just get off of it. And I sent him the recording,
he listened to it. He was like, Jesus Christ, I want to have a stroke.
So he gets off of it. All his pain goes away.
It turned out his pain was being caused not just by the running,
but by the fact that he was creating inflammation by destroying his gut biome,
by taking 800 milligrams of ibuprofen two times a day.
So the idea of like fixing himself was fucking him up.
It's crazy that chasing that, you know? Yeah. So fuck ibuprofen. Okay.
Well I mean, don't I take it every now and then,
but you can't take it every day so you're a liar. No,
I mean just saying don't take it every day,
but if I had like a bad headache I'll take some Tylenol or some shit.
It's not Tylenol, right? Advil. Yeah, though. Yeah. I mean it's, it's,
it's just not something you're supposed to take all the time.
I did fruit all the time. Realize it was doing what you said. Yeah.
Cause I was more achy than I should be. And then like, you know, bad night out,
you didn't drink enough water. Right. Okay. Boom. Hit a come [inaudible] yeah,
then you're fine. You can still do that. But CBD does that too. It's better.
Better for you than all that stuff. Just seems to be no side effects. Okay.
All right. The side effects is a, people think you're a hippie.
That's the only side effect. Right? Right.
If you say you're into [inaudible] I've just talked so much shit about pot and
now I gotta cut off. No, I was just a part of an elaborate, yo,
listen man, I smoke pot all the time and I talk shit about pot. It's the people.
It's the fucking people that are really into pot. They're knowing they're,
they're annoying you. This Eddie,
isn't that any Rizzy Eddie that maybe is going to jump out from an adult table.
No, I'm just kidding. No, this is a, I got this from, is this from Tommy John?
Yeah. Yeah. Good Lord. That's a baseball bat.
Tommy John's not playing games and he wasn't doing this since the 70s and is
still alive. It seems to be fine. Smell scary.
Like you just smell it and you're like, this is going to bring back memories.
I don't want anymore. We got rid of those.
Why are you bringing those back? The problem is dummies. The problem is not pot.
It's like the problem with every single thing, like it's the problems,
not skateboards.
The problem is people want to ride skateboards in the edge of fucking
skyscrapers. Right. Good point. That that's the problem. Okay.
It's like with everything. It's not.
It's the implementation of the idea in a really stupid way.
That's the problem, right? It's not pot. It's people smoke pot.
It's the same day, but you can apply that to almost anything.
Yeah know I hammer it guide or if you can destroy something,
whether you can build something with it. Exactly. So it's not really the hammer,
it's you. Exactly. Okay. Exactly.
Some people that are functional on it all day, like be real from Cypress Hill.
I did his show. He's got this hotbox show,
I can't believe how high they get their high all day long and then they keep
going. We got so high before the show started. I was like, well,
we must be done. We're going to go sit.
He does this show called the hotbox and you sit in this a beautiful old Cadillac
and smoke weed and talk about life and a, I was like, well surely we're done.
We can't be smoking more wrong.
It gives you these bats of weed and you climb into the car and it's just a
fucking thick cloud of smoke. There's be real, he doesn't fuck around,
but he's lucid, completely functional. You'd talk to him,
the guy exercises, he's healthy. He's real friendly,
real friendly. Seems fucking V seems to work out great for him. Yeah.
But not for everybody. Yeah. I'm like,
I'm the pot guy that's under the table freaking out. Yeah. That's,
what do you think of what bothers you when you get high? Um,
I think just paranoia. Anything. A noise, a thought. Uh,
you know, they're trying to get me like,
it's super like paranoid parents shouldn't have you just get a little box. Yup.
What about, try a little bit of this [inaudible] CVB. Yo,
no, I take one first. I'll show you that. We're going to be fine. No, no, no,
Nope. Yeah. Thank you. Like, you know,
stick with line. Yeah. Did you fuck with whiskey? Yeah, I do. Um, I got a thing,
a little collaboration with the, with angels on V bourbon out of Kentucky.
They took some of my, uh,
my fortified wine barrels and took them in there,
finishing one of their reports and one of my barrels, a couple of my girls.
Yeah. Ooh. So was port the same as whiskey port, uh,
is a fortified wine from Portugal. Right. So, uh, you can also,
they're a whiskey. They're an alcohol company. Yes. Yes. So angels MD is, is,
is bourbon, right? They do Ryan bourbon, uh, in Kentucky and they,
and they basically, they have a whole thing about their Angel's envy.
Bourbon is finished in port barrels. Uh, so the guy, they'll find, you know,
I have to get them from Europe or get him from California weather, you know,
they're afforded fide red barrel that's had wine in it,
sweet rich wine. And they finished the uh,
the bourbon in these barrels.
So now they have some of mind to do a special caduceus collaboration.
You one of those people that I talked to that I go,
where the fuck does he get the time? Cause I do a lot of things.
But then I talked to someone like you, I'm like, no, I don't know.
You do a lot of things. It's,
it's organised into just organizing your time and delegating. Yeah. I mean,
cause that's really what it is, is when you get, when you're younger,
you want to go, I did that, I did that, I'm doing that.
And then you realize I can't do all of that. So we just, I have friends,
we are our team of people. Like I can't, we have a poster for a store in Jerome,
Arizona and it has cutting. So we do,
we do printing and shirts. We have a barber shop in it.
We do a full new and used vehicles. Barber shop. Yeah.
It's weird for a ball guy barbershop. I don't use it. Um, except for you know,
uh, the manscaping uh,
new and used vinyl on top floor with all kinds of perfect idea. Like, you know,
band stuff, but also like a whole, uh, kind of the gelato shop.
Do people go, they're hoping they're going to run into you? Probably. Uh,
but I don't run it. My wife does. She's absolutely, I couldn't do that.
I couldn't do it at all. Right. Without her. She runs a top to bottom.
All the ideas for all the posts are for merges all, it's all her. She does.
She runs it. It's great. We just had it a popcorn machine. Oh yeah.
Yeah. It's just you do that and you get to to,
yeah. How well here's the thing I do jujitsu.
I just don't do it very well cause I don't focus on it all day.
I've learned about your jujitsu over the years and now I'm doing a little bit of
Moitai. Um, I suck at that too, but I'm doing some, I bought a bag.
Yeah. Gloves. What kind of bag? Uh, the fair protects right tax. Yeah.
That's a good bag for you.
Especially you've had some hip issues because it's a very, it's a, it doesn't,
it's not hard. It's a good bag
to hit. I've got a couple of different bags out there.
Tall one was the one I want to have cause I got the shorter fat one. Right?
Yeah that seems pretty heavy. Yeah. That's a different one than the ball.
The balls good. Yeah. The ball snake. Yeah.
The SAC one for knees that I'm the one that I have that heavy bag is great cause
it's, it gives like it's good for tendons and stuff. Cause like a lot of people,
you hit those big hard heavy bags and you know,
you can do that when you're young,
but as you get older and you've got 20 years of blasting into bags, full power,
after a while, your joints just start to fucking,
they just start to say fuck you. Yeah. Well I'm finding that for me. Uh,
my friend Todd got me into doing the Moitai cause he's like, look,
we do jujitsu so much. And on the road you're like, you know, you got some,
like we only, we can only find this black belt in town to train with you.
And he's two 10 to 20. So, you know, trying to deal with this weight and like,
I'm kind of sore now for the show and, and that's, uh, that's not good.
The bed is not,
if you traveling to the bed's never ideal and you're in the boss and you're
bouncing down the road and some like, it looks, it's like a, a coffin, right?
That has some kind of palsy all the way down the road.
You're just trying to sleep. Um, so we, he went,
let's do some,
let's do some white tie because it's more opening [inaudible] it's left shore
kind of going back and you're doing more twisting and just that rhythm and it's
a good workout. Like it's easier on your joints too. So I, you know,
I got into it for that reason just to kind of stand up. Right.
And more so you have someone holding your pants for you. Oh he's got a lot of,
you know, all over the world. He's got great trainers everywhere.
So we were all in. And it's funny that you go into one guy and like yeah,
do this. What are you doing? Don't do that.
Like the Olympic last guy said I was supposed to do that. And like you know,
different trainer, different, different guys. You get a lot of that for sure.
There's a lot of people that know for sure that they have the way to do it.
Watching the infinite number of how you wrap your hands videos on YouTube.
No bro, this is the way you, there's only one, only one way.
This is the best way.
My favorite is the ones you slide on and then you just spin it and they Velcro
on. It's like got gel that goes over the knuckles,
don't they slide on like a little glove. It's great. All right. I love those.
It only has like maybe like four feet of actual wrap and then you slide these
things on. You'd go like that, right,
but they had me sitting there like [inaudible] the tube,
like some guys get super serious about folding over the knuckles till you fall
seven times and then you put it over the knuckles, then wrap it down.
Then T through the fingers, bags for the glove gloves.
The gloves are supposed to be the padding ones,
but you're also what helps is really strengthening your hands.
There's a lot of,
the problem that people have is that they don't do anything with their hands.
They just hit things, which is fine,
but to really reinforce the structure of your hand,
you should use those captains of crush grips smashed down those things. They'll,
they'll create better tendon in the hands,
strength of like a mullet and sitting like a Camaro and to do the hand thing
like this. Those guys can't use the captains of crush ones.
Those motherfuckers are like 160 plus pounds.
Did you say he got one that's like one 90 or something? What do you got? Yeah,
that low. The level three is two 80 what do they look like?
It's like a neural steel pipe or aluminum outside and thick,
heavy spring.
It's like a hand gripper but it's like a real legit hardcore one and so I'll do
it this way and then I'll flip them upside down and do it that way and then
I'll, I'll also, I do a lot of chin-ups and a lot of stuff with my hands.
That's what it looks like. You've seen those fucking things,
but those are supposed to be like in a Camaro doing that? No. Okay. Not anymore.
Not anymore. Those guys are dead. Oh Jesus. It goes to 322 yeah. Oh my God.
Three 65 yet only like five people in the world I've ever done it.
That is so crazy. If that's according to what I was reading about them,
I've got the 140 pounds. So how far down do I go?
Let's say we start with the 16 start with a 60 year. Yeah, sure. Yeah.
Start with the 60 now. But I mean it just reps,
you want reps like you just want to be civil, sit around.
The idea is that they'd have like a 10 all this.
Most people I've met guys who are fighters,
like really good fighters that have small hands. I mean small hands,
meaning like the structure, the hand, I mean the meat,
the meat of the hand they have,
they don't do anything where they're gripping all the time or polling all the
time. They're strikers. So they just wrapped their hands up and you know,
when you're just doing this all the time and throwing punches,
you're not really making your hand stronger.
It's the way to make the hand strong is you've got to squeeze tennis balls and
squeeze, you know, there's different putties that they may gazing. Yeah,
gripping Jesus. Fantastic. Doing, like if you grab a jujitsu guy's hand,
those hands are made out of wood. I like a really good jujitsu guy.
Like in a lot of it has just gheez and G chin ups and shit.
When you throw theG over the chin up bar and do that, that's,
that's fantastic too. But when you do that, yeah. You don't fuck with that.
Just we'll see dude. I'm like, can you do no G or just G? I do mostly gay also.
Yeah. Yeah. But I'm, you know, I, I've,
I'm finding on the road it's just traveling.
It's easier to do the no-gi cause I can rent that out and hang out with the
shower and just drive by morning. Do you, uh,
use special soap and you make sure you don't get any fucking cooties? Yeah,
that's enough. It's, it's crazy. Yeah. Cody's a real man. Oh yeah.
They kill people. Well, I noticed like, you know, uh, and it's been,
I remember as a wrestler you never really saw this stuff.
You saw a little bit of it.
But like nowadays it's like they're getting disqualified at regionals because
they've got a spot on the back and they can't go wrestle and they've worked
their whole season to get here and it's like, yeah, well we clean the math,
we do all those things, we clean this stuff. Like where did you get that?
Well staff is in your body and particularly when people blow their nose,
you know, and they wipe their nose and their face and then they roll that stuff.
Your nose has all sorts of staph inside of it and people get staph in their nose
as well.
If they get an abrasion in their nose and that stuff gets in into your skin and
you don't clean it out, it's also your body has to be healthy.
And one of the things that happens with wrestlers or any competitive athlete is
as your body is going through training camp, you are building your conditioning,
but you're also also compromising your immune system. Like when I was fighting,
I used to always get sick. I had poor nutrition.
I wasn't really that smart about it, but I was always getting sick before.
Like big events also nerves too. Yeah. Nerves, conditioning,
all that stuff breaks you down. So with,
with athletes that are doing any sort of combat sport where you're getting
scratched and you're really susceptible to that stuff.
So you got to like defense. Stow soap is my thing. I've,
I fucking love that stuff because it's all natural.
You're not doing anything like when people use antibacterial soap on the hand,
the problem with that is that kills the good bacteria too.
What you want is something that really reinforces the healthy flora but prevents
all the, the cooties from growing prevent staff. Send me that little list of,
I'll have him send him. My friend guy Sacco runs a company.
He developed it because he was a wrestling coach and these kids were getting
staph and ringworm and shit and was trying to figure out what the fuck is this.
So he came up with these natural cures for it.
So I'll just tea tree oil and eucalyptus oil. It's just healthy. Yeah.
And after you train, just wash your body with it. And leave it on.
You leave it on like U S suds up, leave it on for a minute or two,
then rinse it off. And then if you've got any little scratches,
he's got some ointment you put on the old and it's all natural.
It's all just good for you. Healthy. And then also as good as probiotics,
like anything, like I'm Kim cheese. Really good.
Kombucha is really good. Acidophilus yogurt's really good. He just,
so what about, what is it the that's in the kimchi that that works.
It's because they've, they let it go to a vinegar.
The vulva total acidity is what actually has the probiotics in it. Yes, I do.
I have all of, I'll let you, they have like 20 olive trees and so, you know,
we do the brine solution. It's, it's salt and vinegar solution that we're,
that we're curing them in. Is that have anything to do with that at all? Sure.
The, the, the thing about kimchi is it's a proven health probiotic. Like it's,
it's one of those things that people have been eating for thousands of years and
it's just good for your overall wellbeing. I want to know more about this. Yeah.
So cultures, you know,
when you're eating these probiotic cultures and there's some really potent ones
you could buy that are eating, they're required.
Like there's some that you can get that, um,
they live on their own substrates.
So inside the little capsules there's enough of whatever they can feed off of
where they can be active without being refrigerated.
But there's other ones that you have to buy,
like really hardcore ones that you're getting that have to be refrigerated.
Okay. But the, what I like about the food based ones is first of all,
they taste good. That can be a part of a meal. I don't have to, I like kimchi,
so I eat it all the time. Kombucha, I like it.
I drink it all the time and it's just,
it just reinforces all that healthy flora. Okay. You know?
And so it's basically got like little soldiers to fight against the cooties.
You just re, you mean you gotta think of your body as an ecosystem, right?
Your body is not just you. Your body is a host of bacteria. So much,
so much. So more eco lie living in your gut than I've ever been.
People ever know. It's all just a part of you.
So you just reinforce the good stuff and keep the bad stuff away.
When the commune system gets compromised,
especially through hard training and then you get scratched in that staff just
gets,
did you get a grip on you and gets a hold of you and starts to go and then it
gets systemic. I mean fucking people die from that stuff. They really do staff.
In fact, especially that Mercer stuff, man, there's a,
you remember Kevin Randleman, the UFC fighter,
he had the most horrific staph infection I've ever seen in my life where he had
holes where he would lift up his arm and you could see a hole in his underarm.
We see his muscle all, I mean through the skin. Look at this. He'll show,
look at it, lets you see it up there. Good Lord. Yeah. Like look at that. Go,
go large with that. Look at that fucking whole,
that red stuff that you see in there.
That is his chest muscle and he died young man.
And I think it probably had a lot to do with that.
And I think what happened with Kevin is if I'm not mistaken,
he just let it go a little too long.
And that medication resistant staph infection, that Murcia stuff,
that's the scary stuff because that's stuff that's evolved in hospitals.
And then because of people using antibiotics and just,
I do my best not to take the antibiotics if I can, but if you get that stuff,
you gotta take it,
you gotta fucking lock you in a hotel room or in a hospital room rather.
And they just Ivy the fuck out of you and you,
I have buddies that were there for weeks. My friend Denny, his,
his knee was fucked. I mean, he has a, an opening on his leg,
like a salmon got gutted and they had a go in there and just pull out,
pause and constantly try to disinfect the area.
And he was in the hospital for a long time just dealing with his knee and this,
and this is Trump jujitsu, jujitsu, and he's a world champion. His, uh,
his knee starts swelling up and he wound up going in to get it to them.
That here's Mikey.
So many UFC fighters get it and they wind up fighting on antibiotics because of
it cause they're fighting off. Kevin Lee, when he fought Tony Ferguson,
as he walked into the octagon, I was looking at his chest. I was like,
that is a staph infection. He's got a staph infection on his chest.
And he wound up getting staph apparently the week of the fight. And he was like,
you know what? We're just going to have to fight.
This is going to have to deal with it. Oh geez. But, but for him,
like for Tony Ferguson, when he's fighting a guy with staff,
like you can get staff from finding a guy with staff,
get staff from other people too. Wow. Nasty. Yeah,
it's cooties. Let's not do that.
My friend Ari was limping around a pool table once we were playing pool.
He's limping. It's like, what's going on? He goes, I've got a spider bite. Like,
let me say it. He pulls
up his knee. I go [inaudible] no staff. I unscrew my cue, I go,
dude, we're going to the hospital right now. He goes, are you serious? I go,
fuck you. I'm serious. Like, well you could die. I go, that is huge.
You have a pissy filled up staff infection on your knee that's compromising the
way you walk. I go,
that thing is going to get systemic and it's going to get in your fucking brain.
Yeah,
and my dad got bit by a Brown recluse that's bad and he went to the hospital.
That isn't an area that has Brown recluse. Right.
I'll say you went to do no problem with our hospital. They're like,
you know he put some of this on there. He's like,
I think there was something else wrong. So he comes back a day later going,
what are these rings mean?
It means now he's got a hole in his flag that he's having to stick gauze in all
day long and take changing gauze twice a day and he still has like a dent in his
leg where it like it ate away. Yeah.
What could they have done if they caught it early?
Just giving me any Biotics and just send me out. You know what? We're not sure.
Just take this. They don't even do that. Like just take this,
make sure all they do,
all they had to do and it makes you nervous I think for a month as crater in his
own leg. It makes me nervous about the hospitals.
When you hear about nurses that get off on killing people every,
every so often there's some nurse who just gave people lethal injections or shit
and just go on. Movie makes a great movie does,
but you know like by the way, if you're a nurse, I'm sure you're awesome.
It's not you. I love, I love nurses. I love doctors. I love all those people.
All healthcare practitioners and first responders and lawyers. Yup. Them too.
But there are some dirty people out there that are monsters.
Just happened to be nurses, right?
Spiders on the fucking spiders putting holes in your leg called my dad's spider
bait for a long time. You didn't live around Rouse thanks to you.
Got serious rattlesnakes where you live. Well then the rattlesnakes are pretty,
they're pretty good. About just letting you know. Yeah. Yeah.
They just let you know. They just kind of go on their way there.
They don't really want anything to do with you. Yeah. The black a, the uh,
tarantulas, uh, same thing. They just kind of go the other way.
Tarantulas look terrifying, but there's only the docile. They're pretty cool.
Yeah, they're, yeah, they, uh, they just hang out then. Not like,
that's an attack. The Tragile Hawks you got to watch out for,
was that tarantula Hawk or was that a giant man be looking thing, bring it up.
Fuck these things.
What is it going to get a photo? Oh,
the world is so scary. My God is,
he had two people that bear the Florida and they are by sharks.
I'm not sure which one it is. Somebody can chime in. Oh, Jesus.
That thing's big. Okay. Yeah, I've seen these things before. Yeah. Fuck,
that's huge. They lay, they, they find that your Angelo,
they jump on it. They infect it with their eggs. And so the trenches like, Oh,
I made it out of there and then wanders off and then dies.
And they did Laro come out of the land. Oh,
nature. You dirty bitch. Yeah. So they're there.
They're staying is like, you know, level.
They're on top five winning a bullet and like that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
Like a, like a centipede. A centerpiece on the list.
But like not above centipede. Yeah. Really do these things.
That's why you have one on you. Is that you bro, get people to bite. No,
that's me being terrified. A Senate. That's your right hand. Right am I know.
Hey, you know what happened now I have now my ring name. Yeah. I'm not set up.
Is the Senate bead. No. Send a pizza.
Just there's those things like that caused me to shriek. Like my grandmother.
I can't, I'm jumping up on a, uh, on a counter man love sat up.
Yup. That could, it's got a ring to it. I like it. I like it. Yeah,
they're creepy. I'll fight Tom cruise.
Have you ever seen a centipede attack or mouse? No. Dude. But the, that, that,
so apparently the centipedes sting is not as intense as the,
as the tarantula Hawk from what I read. I don't know.
I don't know who's doing this, but there's, they need to like, I don't know,
a man where it hurts.
What hurts worth the tasers that the pepper spray get back to you at a certain
job? How do you know a certain moment, you know,
once you get to that bullet ant level, like, Oh,
it's supposed to be like getting your arm slammed in a car door for 24 hours.
Like, how do you know there's something worse than that?
You have another one that's really bad too. It's like, yeah,
we're fucking into it. Also,
$500 to get yourself stung by a tarantula Hawk and we'll see what happens.
How long does it last? I don't know this. That's the thing. This is, I did it.
This is a crazy guy. He has a YouTube channel. Oh yeah.
What is that guy's name again? Uh, coyote. Yeah. What did he get stuck?
I was talking to him for a while.
I think we're supposed to get him on the podcast. What is his name again?
Coyote. What is channel's called gray Boulder. I can't remember about that.
Here he goes, Oh God, bang. Like he's doing it to himself.
Get me, get me [inaudible] look at him. Wow.
I wouldn't even want to put that jar back on. I'd be like weeping. Whoa.
It goes on. No, coyote Wilson, what's his name? It doesn't say.
It just says coyote right here. His whole name, he gets done.
Pope find out this gentleman's name cause I feel like an asshole now.
I already Peterson coyote Peterson. Why they call them Carly Wilson?
Let's look at them. They're [inaudible]. Oh, that is not wise,
but neither is that leather hat he's wearing. So wow. What are you going to do?
That bracelets look questionable as well.
I think he said this was the worst of anything you'd like to tone pants on some
of the pants. That's the worst of anything he's ever done.
He goes and finds everything. That's the worst thing you can do.
And does the video like this? I watched him deal with it.
Quite a few of those guys. It's a what? A weird way to make a living.
Just get fucked up by nature. Worked for Johnny Knoxville. Hmm.
I want to show you a video of a centipede killing a mouse
there. Horrific centipede verse typed in it as a whole bunch of things that pop.
Take your pick away. You want to go with mouse cause it's particularly uh,
aggressive in the way they attack mice. Go though. A third down, third down.
Watch this. Watch this. Smells like, Hey, I'm just a mouse. I'm kind of cute.
Just chilling, hanging out here in this weird blue floor.
I'll fucking Jesus Christ. The thing about Santa B's too is they don't just say,
am I hungry? No.
They know what they do and what they do is fuck up a mouse that is right out of
the movie alien. Right? Oh my God. Took the mouse is like Jade's
fucking J's ass. Look at him. He's already dead.
I mean that is God damn crazy.
The mouse is way bigger than him and he's burrowing into his fucking spine right
now. It's twitching and trying to stay alive.
The thing about it that's so creepy is it's not necessarily hungry like it just,
that's what it does. It sees things. It kills it. I'm like, Aw man,
I'm here with a mouse. Like a bison and a nine year old. Yeah.
It's like I'm here with a mouse in this weird little fucking environment that
doesn't seem natural at all, but I'm not going to think about that.
I'm just going to kill this fucking mouse. That's what's important. Not, not,
why am I in this? I pushed on me. Why did I do that now? Why did you,
cause I'm afraid of these things. So he put it on you? Yeah.
What else are you afraid of? You got divorce papers on your mom somewhere?
No, I just, uh, you know, I gotta put something on,
I had a frond do some tattoos. I got, I have those snakes here. The Oh,
the throttle sitting on the things that you're afraid of. You put on. Yeah.
Well this side is a Dragon's cause I'm here the dragon.
But this is like where I like to make your work more of.
I don't know what that movie, you don't know.
The year of the dragon back would make you work before you went crazy.
All right. It's fucking great. I'm going to go Dean, Mickey Rourke,
Mickey Rourke and old. There's two different humans,
young Mickey working old Mickey Rourke. Young Mickey work was like this,
like super serious, amazing actor. Did fantastic films.
Like really good angel on that. Yeah. Angel heart. Um, what else?
So what ha so didn't he get like in a motorcycle accident and bonk his head?
Is that what happened to Karen? Here's over the edge trailer of it.
Here's the trailer of it. I'm no, he became a boxer.
He boxed as an amateur when he was young.
And then when he was an actor, I think if I had to guess,
and I'm going just paraphrasing, I apologize if I got it wrong,
but I think he felt like Hollywood and acting, and I know he's quote,
he's been quoted on this was so fake and so with lack of a better term,
feminine. So it was, it was so,
it was so soft and bullshit that he felt like he had to do something real again.
So he started boxing again as a world famous movie star and got by.
I got punchy. He started sparring with James Toney. And a bunch of other guys,
a bunch of legit boxers. And from what I heard,
James Tony used to just touch him up every day.
And of course you don't want to be that guy you can't hang.
So he's in there taking fucking jabs to the face and right hands to the face and
left hooks to the face and upper cuts to the face and his face got deformed and
then he wound up getting like cheek implants and a bunch of weird shit. Right?
You got a bunch of weird facial surgery and stuff and I don't like, you know,
he started losing his mind. But I think CTE played a factor there. I think just,
I think there's a, to me it's a logical correlation. It's like,
here's a guy who's this world famous, amazing movie star though,
nine and a half weeks and all these other big time movies.
You miss out fucking blockbuster movie star and an interesting movie star,
like a really good actor.
And then all of a sudden he becomes this crazy guy and in between them he's
getting punched in the face a bunch of times.
Like it doesn't take a genius to make these connections. Right.
I know a lot of guys that were pretty normal when they were young and then
somewhere into their MMA career, they lost it and they went off the rails.
There's a growing list of those guys growing. Yes. Yeah.
Some gals are on that list as well. Okay. Yeah, so it's a, it's the,
the gals are, there's, as they,
as Ronda Rousey's opened up the door for women's MMA to become more popular,
that it's going to be more and more women that are taking more punishment,
including ones that you're never going to see inside the UFC just right.
And the other thing is like, just training. If you just decided to, I just,
I don't want to fight, but I want to train. Well that counts.
All that stuff counts. All those. Right.
So are you sparring when you're doing more time? Hell no. Thank you man.
I love you just trying to get in shape and stretch, you know, get down,
help get the bike yoga. You fuck with yoga? I do yoga. I love yoga. Yup.
It was awesome. Yeah, I do it on my own. Sometimes it's my hotel room.
That's how we do my, my wife and I, if she has an, you know,
she has the online service or would do that, but we are opening,
I just bought a new place. You got a little bit of a fucking yoga school. Yeah.
Jesus Christ, man. How are you doing all these things? I'm not doing it. Ah,
I'm past it. I know. But delegating,
how much bandwidth does that eat up to fact that someone else is doing something
that you're a part of and even though you delegate,
you still have to like figure out what that person is doing. Hey, why does,
why is our business going under? And Mike's driving a rolls Royce, like,
you know what I mean? Right. Those kinds of things. Yeah.
Well I've got a lot of good people around me. We have a nice little community.
So you just stay chill, take your sandwiches, like drink your port.
We just look at the, what's the, what's the business plan? Is it going to is,
you know, I think that's the, that's a, that's a,
that was a very good for me cause I, you know, we lived, uh,
lived within our means when I was a kid and Michigan, um,
my parents were high school teachers, which not a huge pay. Right. Uh,
so we're leaving, you know,
living paycheck to paycheck in a way that putting some money away, but you know,
grew on a, he would hunt,
put meat in the freezer. Um,
but then getting into all of a sudden now you don't cut too many years later.
Then there's band and there's like,
there's touring money and there's stuff and you kind of lose touch with
understanding that most businesses operate on a 10% margin, you know.
So getting back to those kinds of things to look at this,
cause I'm moving my jujitsu Academy to another building and we're going to put
in the bag, we're going to put it on it. Kinda yelled at us.
Or you want a goddamn jujitsu Academy too. Right. But you know, looking at it,
trying to make it work. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a puzzle that's worth have.
It's a puzzle that's worth solving because if you understand how to survive this
thing on that microcosm that you can survive a lot of things, right?
It can make sure that when shit doesn't go the way you want it to go,
you've done the work to figure out how to survive in those extreme circumstances
in terms of business, in terms of, you know, you know, if they caught him,
he goes the way it goes. And if not,
we got greenhouses and then we have some wine.
So we'll eat some salad and drink wine and die. Happy.
Good way to think. But it's just,
I just can't believe how many different irons you have in the fire.
And I know you're delegating, I know you're, you have good people around you,
but God, that's so much. Do you ever think of simplifying?
Do you ever think like maybe I should just like pair this stuff down?
Like in a way we are, and I think this next couple of years,
the last couple of years has been that like establishing something in Arizona,
establishing the green, establishing the vineyards, establishing the businesses.
We've kind of branched out in various ways,
but I feel like in a way we're expanding to retract and wants me to figure out
what works. We're gonna bring it all back in, centralize everything,
make it simpler. Uh, and it's way more sustainable at that point.
Right now we're kind of extended where all over the place kind of doing things.
But I feel like, you know, getting a few,
getting fewer rounds and getting some sparring in once, twice a week,
three times a week. Then you know, having the vineyards going on.
Cause that's hard work too.
I don't really have time to train jujitsu or do white tie or any that, you know,
but you seem to enjoy all these different varieties of experiences too.
Like Posa for perfect circle tool, vineyard restaurant,
jujitsu Academy.
Then it was like you seem to enjoy having all these different plates spinning.
Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. It's my dopamine. Yeah. If I'm going to have an addiction,
at least it's going to be some, some awesome kin community attached to me. Yeah,
that's what I'm saying.
It's like you seem to enjoy having all these little puzzles. Yeah.
There's little things going on. Yes, absolutely.
The puzzles are important to keep you alive, keep you irrelevant,
keep you fresh. Yeah. Goals, positives, goals,
deadlines, harvest. Yeah. Yeah,
but know harvest is great because it's not up to you. Right? You're right.
You're have to, you're marching to the beat of a whole different drummer
at that point. And how do you schedule touring? Do you,
do you scheduled touring directly by when your harvest season is and how the
wineries, I mean luckily with with tool were popular enough to where we can,
we can get offers, we can do the touring, you know,
anytime during the year nothing's going to really adjust or affect how,
you know, what we want me to make as a living for doing that touring.
Something that I posted for way harder puzzle much that seems smaller.
It seems like it's not on the same scale,
but in a way it's more difficult scale cause there's less margin for error.
So when we tour with that and have to be a very specific way,
we do it because you got to make sure that we don't pay to do it. Right. Just,
just started thinking about that thing you did with w with, what was it?
Rhonda Rousey and who else was in mind? What else?
That guy you said was president. Oh, that guy. That's right. Trump was in it.
Yep. Oh, I bet my balls. And last year was that,
that was 15 those before the elections. I was like,
right when he announced that he was right around the time. Yeah. Yeah,
yeah. That was good. Yeah. We got a lot of flack. I was like,
what the fuck is he doing? Yeah.
Did you get all the different Ronda Rousey versions? No. They look like Robusta.
I know. We've got 'em uh, miss, miss, uh, Krissy cyborgs in there.
We have miss Holly home. We have a cat Zingano. We have, may we have Rhonda?
I'm the hot one. It's hilarious. No, again,
where do you have the time to do this? I didn't mean it as a,
these are friends of mine who did the whole video. I go,
here's what I have in mind. Then they were like, okay, we'll do it.
I don't matter mate. I have no idea how to animate.
You got a lot of shit for this. Uh, not really. I mean, cause it's,
it's just pure. It's, you know, it's just pure comedy, right? It's like,
it's not, you know, whatever. I'm not, I, you know, I,
I'm political to a point on the, when it's like, when it comes to assholes,
so I don't, like most politicians are easy targets because they're your,
you already know they're lying right there speaking so that they're just,
it's good comedy right away.
I think the best comedy we've had in many years is pen Trump because he's just,
he sets him up for you. He does, but it's almost, it's, it's,
what he's doing is so strange because he's not even pretending to be what we
think of as a president. Like he'll attack people on Twitter. He'll go like, he,
it's weird. Crazy. It's weird. Like I wonder if the thing we talked about,
the 400 year line, okay.
This is me going back to conspiracy theories and there's,
eddies didn't sneak in yet that he knows that he's working right now. Alright.
Uh, so teach class, right? Um,
I feel like it's almost like that is the distraction to keep us all divided and
keep us all guessing what the fuck's going on. Yeah.
Maybe. Maybe, you know, if you're, if you're a good ex,
if you're a good conspiracy theorist,
you're gonna put those connections together. Look, look,
the every show that's ever gone, like, okay,
well we find out that there's this meteor speeding toward earth.
We can't tell anybody. So if there's anything weird like that going on,
like there's a, there's a fungus that's gonna kill everybody.
Don't tell them just everybody arguing, get 'em like, you know, distracted by,
you know, you know, football. Hey, who's what, who's your team football? Right.
You know, just, you know, the bread and circus of it. All right?
You get caught up in having, you know,
having food and some gladiators and you forget about your civic duty. Right?
Oh,
that would have to be orchestrated by some genius component of our government
that does.
I think it's accident. I don't think anybody,
I don't think of bass pulling the strings.
I think it's just like part of the progression of what happens just happens.
The Kaliyuga madness. Yeah. It just happens. It just,
so just because of the natural progression of where things are going,
it just comes out as a symptom.
That makes more sense to me, that, that,
that makes more sense to me than this grand conspiracy. I don't think there's,
I don't think anybody's that organized. No, I don't think so either.
I think there's chaos going on.
People capitalizing on that chaos and I definitely think there's lying and I
definitely think there's conspiracies, but I think more than anything,
it's just this is the way the world is turning right now because of just how
society is set up and how disconnected we are to the natural world and how
connected we are to the digital world. And, right.
And there's, I don't think there's any way out, but I think in the interim,
I feel like an attempt to reconnect is going to help.
I think generally generationally there's a way out.
The problem is for our generation, I don't know if there's a way out. Yeah.
I think especially people like us that grew up without any sort of internet and
then have watched it transform and completely take over the world,
whereas the idea of a world without internet is impossible to us.
It doesn't even compute. But we grew up without it.
So what happened while we were taken over,
were taken over by some sort of digital entity. Um, I don't think for us,
I think that this world has to be figured out by the people that recognize that
we fucked up. Like we were talking about, learning from mistakes,
learn from other people's mistakes, where they're gonna learn from our mistakes.
They're going to learn from our mistakes and they're going to see people who
grew up just like, I mean,
just like every other really fucked up part of human civilization that people
have managed to overcome and avoid.
Whether it's slavery or war with bows and arrows,
like they've figured out like that was not the way to do it.
Let's move past this.
Let's figure out what the folly of our ancestors was and let's,
let's adjust accordingly. I agree with that. As long as we don't poison earth,
as long as you don't make sane. If you're in Arizona, that's a hot spot,
like actually hot and we got a lot of water there.
You have lots of water where you are.
Well just in general areas when it has water, that's what you know,
you try by those lawns and pools and Riverside and Palm Springs.
That's Arizona of water is a really, yeah. I thought that shit was like,
call it a filter. Yeah. Yeah.
You have all the mountain ranges around Arizona and down through Colorado.
All that kind of filters that way and that's that uh, the Salton sea,
that's all because of that Colorado. Your fuck around with that place?
John just went through there. She showed me a bunch of photos.
It's pretty amazing. It's insane. Most people don't even know what it is.
There's an amazing documentary on it. She had just, she just,
she just bought it, so I'm gonna watch it. [inaudible] fucking crazy.
That used to be a place where everyone from Hollywood went like they would call
it the inland Riviera,
like California's Riviera and they would go there and Sonny bono while he was
alive was trying to figure out a way to detoxify the water and pass bills
because a lot of it is runoff from the agriculture from North. Yeah.
It's crazy. The people that live around there just,
it's just a rotten wasteland. Look at that. All the dead fish, the,
there's a seat around the sea. There are,
it's like sand, but it's white and it's not sand.
It's actually the bones of dead fish. Yeah,
but it's so prevalent that you would think that it's sand.
What a crazy ass place that is.
That's one of those places. Great. It's worse all the time.
And apparently if you're in Palm Springs during certain times of the year,
it WAFs over and hits you. Milly,
they have done dead zones where millions of tilapia will just wind up on the
beach dead. And just rotting and smelling through you.
Have you seen other grasshoppers in Vegas? Yes. That's crazy.
That's a good play Bible. Yeah. It's in the Bible. That is radar.
That's what locusts are. Locusts or grasshoppers. Yes.
So the Jesus is trying to tell something, stay out of Vegas
or don't you can eat grasshoppers too. That's tasty.
Forgot about that part. Yeah. Well we will find a way to survive.
Do you guys have a those? A Havoline is an area. Oh yeah. How's it creepy?
A little fucker, isn't it? Yeah.
That will tear up an entire vineyard and one night. Oh, well they really, yeah,
they're crazy.
It's like you see the lot of guys in Texas that the bore are like running wild.
So they'll give you permits and you in a helicopter,
you go over the BOR herd that's just destroying agriculture.
They'll go over and they'll, they'll try to thin them out, but it's, yeah,
it's just, no, there's no stopping it.
We don't have that much of a problem with the ham Lena in Arizona,
but it is a problem. Yeah.
Well that's at least a wild natural animal. It was introduced have Alina.
Yeah. Really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. By who?
What piece of shit brought that God damn thing. I had no idea. I don't know,
but it wasn't, it's not native to the area. Was it brought in? I th that's I,
that's what I was told. Oh, so I know that by, it's a peccary.
It looks like a pig, but it's a peccary, which is like a cousin to a pig.
Like a rat or something between a rat and a pig somewhere.
Doug Stan hope lives down in Arizona and he said his neighbor's dog got killed
by a pack of Havalina. Yeah,
because the problem was the dog chased the have Lena,
the male flipped around while the while the kids and the food,
the other part of the hurt took off and he went on.
Any like Gordon say it. Yeah. Cause I, we had a,
we had a Doug Argentina that almost died because a big dog and that and that
little not so little male have Malino whipped around and this like trying to
fight my Tyson. It's like it's this compact thing. Yeah. With spikes there
really unusual animal to hunt because they respond to calls the way you wish
animals would respond to a call.
Like if you're trying to call on an elk and you're like, man, they're like, Hmm,
maybe I'll come over there. I was not a chick looking for some Dick.
They'll get clothes and they'll,
they'll try to figure out which way the wind's blowing with a Havalina what you
do as you make these sounds like a wounded animal.
Like they have these little predator calls where it's like,
well you're making something. Like,
it's like something's writhing in agony and making noises and they sprint
towards it. And then when they realize that it's not what they want,
they try to turn around. That's when you shoot them. Right. But they,
they run like no other animal to a predator cause they live in this horrible
environment desert and it's all mountain lions and Jaguars.
And whenever the fuck else lives out there,
yeah, they're weird too.
You see him and that there's this silhouette and then they turn and they're like
thin. You're like, what the fuck is that? Like,
so if you try to shoot it had on the bullets, just gonna bounce off that skull.
They turn on. You can be like the, the side shots, the way to get it.
But like there's like a flounder. Yeah, it really is.
Or weird to fucking strange is a, is that a introduced animal?
It says that it migrated from like South America and Mexico up over a couple of
centuries, but it may be someone brought it up first. Well, the pigs are,
the pigs have only been here since the 15 hundreds of Spaniards.
It was crazy Europeans,
they brought them over here for food and we'll just let these pigs go.
No one's going to care. Right. Next thing you know, they're almost, you know,
every, I think they're in every single County in Texas. Yeah.
And they're making their way across the country.
They just did devastating things. They're in San Jose and Silicon Valley,
people's lawns getting torn up by wild pig populations. Yeah. Not cool.
But the tasty, if you hit them right there, that they have that,
that Glenn on the gland that you process it wrong and it's that good.
You just got to know what you're doing. Just don't fuck around with her,
their glands, just like men, you know,
please leave my glance away alone. But you are that desert environment.
It's such a interesting thing cause you think it's desolate but it's a really
thriving ecosystem. Yeah.
It really is like just the simple things like our herbs and the tomato is things
like that. They just, they thrive. Yeah. They're very aromatic. Uh,
the basles and the other Rosemary's and things. It's just really intense,
intense stuff. What kind of tomatoes do you grow?
Do you grow like an heirloom style of tomato?
Well that doesn't really grow well.
The ones that really do well on our greenhouses are the little like the cherries
or a little pear tomatoes, those little smaller, you know,
smaller versions of tomatoes. They do really well.
Why do they do better than the ALM ones? I think that there, as far as flavor,
I like them. I think it's because just the size, the skin contact,
how much more compact they are.
There's just more flavor in one tomato rather than the pulping the flavor.
I would imagine the skin and the outer part is actually more of the flavor than
just the pulp. I've gotta get a greenhouse. I really do.
That's something I've been thinking about a lot lately cause I,
I've had vegetables like when I just said I just got back from Italy.
God damn their tomatoes taste good. Yeah.
I mean you realize that tomato is actually a fruit. Yeah. And it tastes great.
They're amazing. Yeah.
But you get a tomato over here from the grocery store and it might as well be a
tennis ball. I mean it's, it bounces like a tennis ball at last.
They last for our tomatoes. Don't you know, we,
I picked on because we're going to eat them today or tomorrow. Yeah.
That's the way to live, man.
That's how people are supposed to live this God damn.
Waiting forever to eat your food while it just sits on a shelf is nonsense.
Yeah. It's like, yeah, I got, I got used to that. Now that we have the,
the greenhouse is going for the last couple of years.
It's like you get that stuff. That's what we're making. Do you have well water,
uh, we're on the,
we're on the spring that comes down from Mingus mountain Amazon on spring water
and then we have Wells down on the other sites.
So your tampon or spring water [inaudible] wow.
So do you have, does anybody add anything to it? Probably, yeah. Cause it's a,
it's a town so they write the treat it just to be safe. Yeah.
Unfortunately in Colorado we had a, well we have two,
we have three wills. Each site has a, has its own well as well.
You get spring water from that rights because we have the, you know,
we have the, uh, Oak Creek and um, it's, it's at the page.
Spring is right there. So we have water,
dish rights that we actually irrigate the vineyard on those.
But I went ahead and put in a well on every one of them just as a backup plan.
Did you get a guy with the stick trying to figure out where the water is?
The diviner guy does that shit work works for us. How is that real?
I don't know. I don't know.
I had a buddy of mine have built a well on his property and he had the guy come
over with a stick. I'm like, I can't talk to you anymore.
I got that guy like they know that there's a general area where the water is.
Yeah. There's some dude with the cell phone in the corner. Go watch, watch this.
Okay. Watch. He's like, I think it's right here,
but it's the thing that I've time what I've practiced, but I've seen it.
I've seen it. I've seen it done where like he's just walking around.
I'll say it just goes down like, Oh Hey, let's go here. Yeah.
How the fuck can that possibly be worked on? No, it's good. Here it is.
Here's this guy. It's called water witching water. Oh, well it's witchcraft.
Look at this guy. Fuck this guy.
I'm looking at ways moving his hands. Fuck her too. She's full of shit.
To look at him more than even done. Ready to be controlling this right here.
Right here. Oops, you're here. Shoot, shoot.
Shoot the fuck out of here with that.
That's nonsense. That's like three card money. Hey, I was asshole.
I've drilled four Wells and they all been worked before.
Once you just try to drill a well out of the fucking blue.
Just flip somewhere. Yeah. 10 10 paces right here. Bam.
Oh look. Oh well we're under a fucking have network of Wells. Yeah.
The only thing I worry about Wells is every movie where there's bad people,
they always throw the bodies in a well, like the doesn't guarantee no hate.
Can't really fit the body down that no eight, eight inch casing,
but you can try.
I mean those people that have yourself a little meat grinder or some hogs,
it guess you're good. Do you remember the well baby, the kid that fell down the,
well, it took like days to get him out. [inaudible] then the guy Jessica. Yeah,
it was her, right? Yeah, I said him. Yeah, and she eventually became like a hot,
hot, broad. Here's another guy doing it. He's calling. This is called a douser.
I might be, might be multiple names divided by this sweater.
I'm not listening to this guy.
A bottle of water on the ground and he's like proving, well,
how about we put a bottle of water where he doesn't know where it is?
You blind blind him, right? He's moving his arms.
This guy's a dip shit. He's like the worst magician ever.
Literally like moving his arm. Nothing like, see you've impressed out.
Watch his hands. Fuck you. Fuck you. Melvin.
John Baker, professional. Dowser professional. Hoser. He's a Hoser.
This guy is the stick. That's the one. John, if you're listening, I'm sorry,
I'm just, this is comedy. I'm sure you're real.
I'm sure you would do what you're doing is real, bro. Let me see.
Let me see your hands. Let me see your hands. Let me see your hands. What?
Oh, Jesus, look at it. It's moving down with my coincidentally,
my hands are thrusting down at the same time. Yeah.
Nonsense. He's a professional dowser. What's the name of the religion?
They have the snakes that bite them in the face. Pentecostals. Yeah. Yeah.
That was one of those go. Those are my favorite.
Those are the folks that talk in tongues.
There's no Pentecostals talking tongues. I'm thinking I'm, I'm conflating them.
I don't think they necessarily the snake handlers.
I was raised a Southern Baptist and we did some tongs. Did ya? Oh yeah.
Sat my Lama. Ding dong to do that. Like that one.
I didn't say it like that because that would be a thing.
Do you know, uh, what's his name? Is it Robert Paulson? Is that the guy?
He's like the slick back hair preacher. He does that.
He'll just be on in the middle of talking about Robert Tilton. That's right.
Robert Tilton is a man. He is
one of my all time favorite quotes. Every time you write a check to me,
Satan gets a black guy that's,
he's got a farting preacher. Yeah, that's him. Yeah. Yeah. That's good.
He's a dowser as well. Yes. He's out there in the backyard with some sticks.
You have a flight to head back to your farm yesterday.
I think you have to leave quite, quite soon. Pretty soon.
So congratulations on the release of the tool.
Entire library streaming everywhere. Um,
congratulations on your vineyards and your wine and your yoga studio and your
Jitsu studio and my new boy fucking crayon company and your helicopter farm.
Whatever the fuck else are you doing. All right.
Is there anything else you need to tell everybody about before we get out of
here? Man, I'm just so excited we finished this record. Well, listen, man,
it's always great to see you even ever briefly.
Next time I'm going to come to your place and eat. Okay.
Tell me when is a good time and we'll figure it out and I'll,
I'll fly the messes up there and we'll get some food and some water. Alright.
I appreciate you brother. Thank you. Thank you. Bye everybody.
[inaudible].